docs: add some details to address common questions (#606)
honojs/website: docs/guides/rpc.md

The RPC feature allows sharing of the API specifications between the server and the client.

> You can export the types of input type specified by the Validator and the output type emitted by `json()` when called in a handler. And Hono Client will be able to import it. At this time, responses returned from middleware are [not inferred by the client.](https://github.com/honojs/hono/issues/2719)

Reviewer: nit: missing particle, "**the** input type"

```suggestion
You can export the types of both the input type specified by the Validator and the output type emitted by `json()` when called in a handler. And Hono Client will be able to import it. At this time, responses returned from middleware are [not inferred by the client.](https://github.com/honojs/hono/issues/2719)
```

Author: more than a nit, i think. i tried to minimize changes, but i ended up overloading that sentence grammatically. 

i've revised the whole paragraph to try and reduce the cognitive load

> Using the `AppType` exported from your server code, the Hono Client can infer both the input type(s) specified by the Validator, and the output type(s) emitted by handlers returning `c.json()`. At this time, responses returned from middleware are [not inferred by the client.](https://github.com/honojs/hono/issues/2719)

Reviewer 2: I think the following sentence is not proper here:

> At this time, responses returned from middleware are [not inferred by the client.](https://github.com/honojs/hono/issues/2719)

How about this change?

```diff
diff --git a/docs/guides/rpc.md b/docs/guides/rpc.md
index b83e8fe..c8bc211 100644
--- a/docs/guides/rpc.md
+++ b/docs/guides/rpc.md
@@ -2,7 +2,10 @@

 The RPC feature allows sharing of the API specifications between the server and the client.

-Using the `AppType` exported from your server code, the Hono Client can infer both the input type(s) specified by the Validator, and the output type(s) emitted by handlers returning `c.json()`. At this time, responses returned from middleware are [not inferred by the client.](https://github.com/honojs/hono/issues/2719)
+Using the `AppType` exported from your server code, the Hono Client can infer both the input type(s) specified by the Validator, and the output type(s) emitted by handlers returning `c.json()`.
+
+> [!NOTE]
+> At this time, responses returned from middleware are [not inferred by the client.](https://github.com/honojs/hono/issues/2719)

 > [!NOTE]
 > For the RPC types to work properly in a monorepo, in both the Client's and Server's tsconfig.json files, set `"strict": true` in `compilerOptions`. [Read more.](https://github.com/honojs/hono/issues/2270#issuecomment-2143745118)
```

Author: agreed! it's definitely more of a note/call-out

> Using the `AppType` exported from your server code, the Hono Client can infer both the input type(s) specified by the Validator, and the output type(s) emitted by handlers returning `c.json()`. At this time, responses returned from middleware are [not inferred by the client.](https://github.com/honojs/hono/issues/2719)

Reviewer 2: I think you should explain what is `AppType`. What do you think of it?

Author: agreed. i was going back + forth, but it is a little unclear

Author: does this work?
```suggestion
First, export the `typeof` your Hono app (commonly called `AppType`)—or just the routes you want available to the client—from your server code.

By accepting `AppType` as a generic parameter, the Hono Client can infer both the input type(s) specified by the Validator, and the output type(s) emitted by handlers returning `c.json()`.

> [!NOTE]
> At this time, responses returned from middleware are [not inferred by the client.](https://github.com/honojs/hono/issues/2719)
```

Reviewer 2: Looks good!
